	How to debug?
1. Test incrementally(逐步的):Every well-written program is composed of small, modular components that can be tested individually. Try out everything you write as soon as possible to identify problems early and gain confidence in your components.
2. Isolate errors:An error in the output of a statement can typically be attributed to a particular modular(模块化的) component. When trying to diagnose a problem, trace the error to the smallest fragment(碎片) of code you can before trying to correct it.
3. Check your assumptions(假设):Interpreters do carry out your instructions to the letter — no more and no less. Their output is unexpected when the behavior of some code does not match what the programmer believes (or assumes) that behavior to be. Know your assumptions, then focus your debugging effort on verifying that your assumptions actually hold.
4. Consult others

	When user-defined function was executed?
Notice that the entire def statement is processed in a single step. The body of a function is not executed until the function is called (not when it is defined).

	What are global frame and local frames ?
This example illustrates many of the fundamental ideas we have developed so far. Names are bound to values, which are distributed across many independent local frames, along with a single global frame that contains shared names. A new local frame is introduced every time a function is called, even if the same function is called twice.
All of this machinery exists to ensure that names resolve to the correct values at the correct times during program execution. This example illustrates why our model requires the complexity that we have introduced. All three local frames contain a binding for the name x, but that name is bound to different values in different frames. Local frames keep these names separate.

	How to name functions and parameters ?
1. Function names are lowercase, with words separated by underscores. Descriptive names are encouraged.
2. Function names typically evoke operations applied to arguments by the interpreter (e.g., print, add, square) or the name of the quantity that results (e.g., max, abs, sum).
3. Parameter names are lowercase, with words separated by underscores. Single-word names are preferred.
4. Parameter names should evoke the role of the parameter in the function, not just the kind of argument that is allowed.
5. Single letter parameter names are acceptable when their role is obvious, but avoid "l" (lowercase ell), "O" (capital oh), or "I" (capital i) to avoid confusion with numerals.

	Attributes of function
function:domain(arguments) --intent(relationship between)--> range(values returned).

	/ & // are shorthand for the truediv and floordiv

	Qualities of a good function.(functions are abstractions)
1. Each function should have exactly one job. That job should be identifiable with a short name and characterizable in a single line of text. Functions that perform multiple jobs in sequence should be divided into multiple functions.
2. Don't repeat yourself is a central tenet(宗旨) of software engineering. The so-called DRY principle states that multiple fragments of code should not describe redundant(多余的) logic. Instead, that logic should be implemented once, given a name, and applied multiple times. If you find yourself copying and pasting a block of code, you have probably found an opportunity for functional abstraction.
3. Functions should be defined generally. Squaring is not in the Python Library precisely because it is a special case of the pow function, which raises numbers to arbitrary powers.
